[Music]
This is the excerpt that refers to
the title of today's live,
because today I titled the
live or something like that like I
caught you deleting like this youtuber
caught deleting this tweet let's see
a tweet that arolla deleted aroya
wrote a tweet today getting into
controversy and then deleted it because
now we'll see now we'll see the
question is
the question is that they have released well they have
released they haven't announced egoland 2
okay confirmed confirmed what
happened when they confirmed
egoland 2 Well
[Music] there are going to be
people obviously there are going to
be people here you have
Twitter now I'll put it on the screen it
says the moment is coming I have thrown
[ __ ] at you but now I'll ask to enter XD I have
liked Twitter throwing [ __ ]
but I need to enter
totally
this is going to be
the p2 for sure the p2 the thing you know he
had problems and arguments and bad vibes
with grefg with Levy recently but
now like this series of alefis he is
surely going to break it  well farts are going to
want to get in Okay the fart is
almost sure going to want to get in okay all of you who
are now happy about egoland
lechesis
I hope it doesn't even cross your minds to
criticize all the people who have been
working in fact for a long time to make it
possible that we already know each other from
last year and we know how some of you put it and
here another Twitter threw yes
Spanish saying Very true out of interest I
love you Alex Alex it's through the internet
I love you Andrés But well through the internet I
love you Alex okay let's see the the intro
of well the presentation that came out to
egoland
and I was also going to say that Aurora has
confirmed that she would be there for a couple of weeks
But well no I haven't opened the
collectible Chelo Thank you very much
Congratulations for that seven months friends you've
been here for more than half a year
calmly okay I put a screen here
There it is I put a screen there I remove my
camera and let you enjoy welcome
to the Dutch trailer I'm nervous In
fact I'm going to even remove the alerts so that
absolutely nothing comes up
okay Ok So thank him very much for
other kisses and here we go
this series exploded eh
now  it's very based now since it was
totally out this series
was good
this series exploded eh watch out
that they have worked hard on the trailer eh
how long will they last now with their fights Well
here it is gossip eh
this series pure gossip eh
speaking of gossip I'm going to see how you do
written with the video
[Music]
success churras How's the video going
host How nice the bar
co
No nothing here everyone is fighting
guys some evils have finished in
tortillala the crazy drunk Thanks king
Welcome
[Music]
[Applause]
okay Give it a go
a little more than half still edited
you're going to edit the video from the main Channel it's going to be
late
and it would be do
n't kill me I've done what I could that's
fine I'm
going to just a moment now we'll see it again
now we'll see it again I'm going to publish it for a
second on YouTube okay I'm going to publish it
on YouTube and I'm going to put it on Twitter
too for whoever wants to see it of all
these people and such that YouTube I
uploaded
uploading the [ __ ] videos to Twitter man I
don't know why I always always
always have problems and  I rendered it
smaller so I could upload it and all that
[ __ ] and it still gives me problems
you know thank you very much for the two months I'll
put it up again I'll
name it no let's see what El Rubius says Ariel
with Brian's six arms says Hello
handsome Moreno These are all my savings
I'm a content creator I could get
into egoland handsome they
send Rubius some bits of course what
we're going to be able to see who he is it's not
complicated they send Rubius some vi
saying to him Okay handsome Hello handsome handsome I do
n't know what you were doing like that funny guy I'm not a
content creator I could get into
egoland of course [ __ ]
of course man if he just
gave me some bits
here it starts
here it starts Thanks Diego a big hug
what happened the first time come back for
this I do series you know what's happening there have
been people doing live who have already
invited themselves who have already
confirmed that they are going to be there when
they still had a chance they have invited them
apparently you know what's going on and
here La Movida will begin do you remember La
Movida not from last year La Movida from
last year that there was putting Alex
the commitment is coming some so that  they will invite
their friends I don't remember who
this guy was oh what was his name Al
Capone he started putting up posters at
Alexby's house
saying come this guy no the
name of a friend he was trying to put him
in the
compromise says Javi will send him Beats
some youtuber to get into I will
send a Beat to one of these people to
let me into egoland and the ban that
I get is brutal I mean him I think they don't
even read I saw them ban me
directly and that's not even my
series
I was missing something also a series I would
n't be interested I would
like to enter a clash tournament
one day we know something like that but
something that I like like
fortnite I didn't like
I like the I want something from the
squid game or something like that like they
did Yes I would like
she I would like but I don't know I don't think I don't
think they did to me Well now I'm
verified on Twitter no Now I can
get into all these things no I
mean yes it's not true of course I'm already
verified on Twitter yes
and so on wherever I want and in Marbella you
go  put the Yaqui in for sure I'm just
going to get verified and he says
everything inside Javi
Thank you very much no I mean let's go I don't know if
I'm not going to talk much about the subject because I
want him to say it you know but
the plan is to
invite
guy what paranoia is happening to me because
the Rubius camera is moving I
mean the camera moves it
has the camera like an effect
because it
would be those who were in the first
season obviously
the Chair
more than me You know I will be with my
trumpet very comfortable the truth and crying
leaving him many areas to watch is to
receive the like raria Panther from Sara
basically he will say it lesbi But he is going
to close the things that come in and the
things that come in the people who come in and
those who are invited and outside commitments and
nonsense no here there is a small gif a
small bif bifedillo by
perchita okay there is a small bifedillo
let's listen to it and looking like you know
through the door but she is seen as
hidden and recording
and it was like I am super embarrassed by the roll
but what are you do you know what what can
you see and also without saying anything to
the  woman the woman would be freaking out the
women will be saying let's see if These
are from health this this This photo
is recording me here taking photos of the
health center or something I know it was crazy
crazy Thanks Uzumaki Prime 13
kisses 13 months already 13 months so
how to pass the time 27 to Liz kumico
level some emisados ​​to mache flowers for
that Prime also to boat to
country ships Vanesa chomón And well, you already
know, I like to do other things, I
like to play other things and when I do
n't play other things basically it's
because they don't tell me anything eh They haven't
told me anything about playing, for
example yesterday the other one asked me
someone about you're not going to play about ibai,
nobody invited me, ibai, if they
invited me Well, I would have played, are you going to
play, let me be Alfa, but
I say it there It's more of a project, no, I haven't found out well yet about La Movida, that VAT thing and let's see what ibai has done with Piqué, they are some, I mean, like what he did in
the lvp  they are not
competitions not of games
competitions of play but I don't know what not
competitions Or professionals let's say of
play no like that is the lvp but it was
created by its own company not its own
competitions not its own leagues let's not
say no I hope they don't invite the
tense
continue [ __ ] do you remember man how
horrible it was no
how horrible the comments were eh
nobody has done anything to me nobody
has said anything to me if they told me well
Probably yes I would
probably play but if they haven't told me well I
think they're not going to auto sign me up I'm not
going to auto sign up to a place Well
that they haven't told you thanks
I don't think it's with bad intentions it
will be like they don't remember he's not that
confident if I have the auron click at hand
which I think you sent it to me
through here
[Music] you
're putting me on the chat that
on the kids' chat that
alevines in this live today he said
that he's thinking about closing the hatchet
that although he tends to be resentful he's going to
bury the hatchet so that it
can be  carry out the series So
here I have something that I say in
order for the series to be carried out you
need to bury the hatchet
with who knows what happens here the
conveniences and the falsehood that they
bring many times man, I mean for your
[ __ ] series
your series daleby and you can invite your
friends whoever your friends are whoever
your colleagues are because you have to
bury the hatchet with people if you
can't see the people because
really man you can't see the
people who refer you that you have to
bury the hatchet
for it to work to carry out the
series but the series can't be carried
out without
without [ __ ] sucking and without partnership It's that
really man do you see it like what I
say I always end up saying they
invite me for saying these things but it's that
in the end I always get it right okay let's
see what he said I open
But well I don't have a [ __ ] clue about
the groups I don't know anything I only know that today
egolan two was announced that I
confirmed to Rubius today that come on, go, I'm going to be
there a couple of  little weeks my friend
a month and a half I'm not going to be there for a month
and a half that's very clear but for a
couple of weeks or three I'll be
there to give it my all And have a good time
and today precisely today I confirmed it
to Rubius a couple of weeks
Why I mean why not no if it lasts a
month and a half What's happening he doesn't want to no no no no he
only has a good time in black
Although if you know Elías cloth that one
Lía Guay he gets into a good time
Well the 2nd is coming Oh What was the
date family have they said exact date
What was the date
when we return no when
Christmas is over it won't be no January no
the 7th ok I
like that man that there's always
content and we can comment on
content if after Three Kings we
go on the 7th
see installing the ras Javi that they invite you
I need a new PC because for sure that
in this [ __ ] [ __ ] PC it surely won't even
work for sure
[Music]